# Profiling OpenLaszlo Applications with Flash Builder 4.6

   Copyright (c) 2012 Raju Bitter rajubitter@gmail.com
   http://github.com/raju-bitter/openlaszlo-flashbuilder-project
   MIT license http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php
   Use is subject to license terms.

   THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
   IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
   FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
   AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
   LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
   OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
   THE SOFTWARE.


Profiling OpenLaszlo Applications with Flash Builder 4.6
--------------------------------------------------------

This project is a template for an OpenLaszlo application to be used when debugging
or profiling OpenLaszlo SWF10 or SWF11 applications using Adobe Flash Builder 4.6.


Requirements
------------

Since the SWF11 runtime support has not been added to OpenLaszlo 5.0 (trunk), a nightly
build of the OpenLaszlo flex4.6 branch has to be used when compiling the LZX code.

The WAR files can be downloaded here:
http://download.openlaszlo.org/nightly/flex4.6/

After downloading the WAR, unzip it into any folder and set the LPS_HOME property in
build.properties to that folder.


The Project Folder Structure
----------------------------

The whole process of compiling LZX into ActionScript3 code is done using an Ant
build script. There are two files for the build process, the main build.xml and a
build.properties file for configuration of things like file name of the main LZX
file, or library folder, etc.

The jars folder contains the xmltask.jar, which is an external dependency needed by
the Ant build script.

All LZX source code should be in the 'lzx' subfolder. The canvas LZX file is configured
to be lzx/main.lzx, although both file and foldername could be changed in build.properties.

The main ActionScript application file is the file LzSpriteApplication.as, the default
Sprite class generated by the OpenLaszlo compiler. For the Flash Builder project, that
has to be the main application file.

    ${basedir}
    ├── build.properties
    ├── build.xml
    ├── jars
    │   └── xmltask.jar
    ├── lzx
    │   ├── canvas.lzx
    │   ├── classes
    │   │   └── simplebox.lzx
    │   └── resources
    │       └── img
    │           └── free.jpg
    ├── README.md
    ├── src
    │   └── LzSpriteApplication.as
    └── swc
